>> On December 9th, 2009
and December 19, 2018,
a 100-meter object was observed
over the Kremlin at the Red
Square in Moscow and over the
Pentagon in Washington, DC,
becoming two of the most
important cases of all times
related to the UFO phenomenon.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gaia presents "Nuevo"
with Jaime Maussan.
>> For the first time, the
entire investigation is
presented, emerges witnesses
from Russia and the United
States, an extraordinary
exclusive of "Nuevo."
>> The tetrahedron, the object
observed on the most important
power centers in the
world is a tetrahedron,
a power figure in sacred
geometry that represents fire.
A tetrahedron is a
four-sided polyhedron.
The faces of a
tetrahedron are triangles.
And at each vertex
there are three faces.
If the four faces
of the tetrahedron
are equilateral triangles
equal to each other,
the tetrahedron
is called regular.
It is also a platonic solid.
The Greek philosopher
Plato considered
that the whole of
the universe could
be summarized in five
geometric figures, tetrahedron,
hexahedron, or cube, octahedron,
dodecahedron, and icosahedron.
All of them are known
without delimination,
the platonic solids.
The combination of
these solids would
form a sphere which would
represent the sacred geometry
of the cosmos.
For Plato, the
tetrahedron symbolizes
an element of nature, fire.
At the same time, this
figure is associated
with the concept of wisdom.
[KEYBOARD TYPING]
>> On December 9th,
2009, Dimitri Kazantse,
witnessed an
unprecedented event.
They were returning from a party
in the company of two friends
and were circulating
very close to the Kremlin
in Red Square in front
of St. Basil's Basilica
when they observed something in
the sky they could not believe,
a giant tetrahedron that rotated
smoothly over the Kremlin,
a restricted space
for any aircraft.
They tried to record it with
two cell phones and a camera.
In the end, only
the video camera
could capture the
extraordinary images.
The video was presented
on the internet
and would quickly become
the most viewed on YouTube
in Russia.
The media, newspapers, radio,
and television presented it.
And people around
the world wondered
if this video was real.
[NEWSCAST IN BACKGROUND]
The witnesses declined
to offer an interview.
>> --online sensation.
Another YouTube clip filmed--
>> The "Nuevo" team, after
more than seven years of first
tracing and then requesting
an interview with one
of the participants,
Dimitri Kazantse,
was able to obtain the first
statement he has offered
in almost 10 years.
It is very important
to be able to listen
to one of the witnesses,
especially since testimonies
of what happened that
morning in Moscow
have never been
presented before.
Also, that same night,
as it was presented
in the first chapter
of this investigation,
an extraordinary
phenomenon occurred.
A spiral was observed
over the skies of Norway,
in Trumso, inside
the Arctic Circle,
1,800 kilometers from Moscow.
That night, a Bulava
military rocket
had been launched which,
according to reports,
inexplicably failed and went
out of control to create some
of the most extraordinary
images ever recorded
of a similar event.
However, it has not
yet been explained
while missile tests were
carried out in populated areas
and why this phenomenon was
not seen in Russia or Finland,
places closer to the
launch of the missile.
For many, this coincidence, the
appearance of the giant object,
and the spiral in the sky,
shows that it is a message.
Here, the first interview, 10
years after, Dimitri Kazantse.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> A UFO that was
shaped like a pyramid,
yet all of its faces
were triangular,
making it a tetrahedron.
It is a polyhedron
that has four faces.
This data imply
that the tetrahedra
are convex polyhedra,
since all the segments
that link two of their points
are inside the polyhedron.
The properties of
the tetrahedron
make its faces, on the
other hand, triangular.
At each vertex in this way,
three of the faces meet.
When all of these faces are
equilateral triangles, that
is, triangles that have
all three sides equal,
the tetrahedron is
classified as regular.
In other words, a
regular tetrahedron
is that tetrahedron that has
four equilateral triangles
as faces.
Symmetry, one of the particular
properties of the tetrahedron,
the number of axis
of actual symmetry
of a regular tetrahedron
is four and all are
of the order of rotation three.
It should be remembered that
an axis of actual symmetry
is a line around which a figure
can rotate without altering
its visual appearance.
Regarding the order
of rotation, this
is the number of times we
must rotate the smallest
angle to complete a lap, that
is, to reach 360 degrees.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> The term "Kremlin" comes
from the Russian word,
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH],, which
can be translated into English
as fortress.
However, there is no
consensus around the meaning
of the name of this majestic
architectural complex,
since another
group of historians
believes that its name comes
from the words "crumb,"
or "chroma," that are understood
as limit, thus explaining
the city location.
Throughout its
history, the Kremlin
was also the home of
czars and princess.
However, the Kremlin has
suffered several blows
due to wars from revolutions.
As a result, many of
its beautiful buildings
have collapsed.
Its name has become synonymous
with the government,
similar to what happens with the
White House for the government
of the United States of America,
or the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
in Spain.
Since 1918, it was
established as the residence
of the revolution.
And in 1961, the Palace
of Congresses was built.
[LOGO MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The Kremlin has been the
official seat of the president
of the Russian
Federation since 1992.
For a time, it was the
residence of the czars.
And after the
October Revolution,
it became the seat of the
Soviet government in 1918.
>> In these Google Earth images,
we can see the Red Square,
the Kremlin, and the possible
position of the tetrahedron.
We can also follow the route
that the three young people
made in their car.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> The Kremlin now houses the
government of Vladimir Putin,
which has strengthened its
nuclear development since
the end of the medium
range missile treaty.
Russia and the United States
are experiencing the worst time
in their relations
since the Cold War,
are free to develop and deploy
medium and short range ground
nuclear ballistic
missiles, which
can hit targets at a distance
of 500 to 5,500 kilometers.
Russia already
makes new missiles
in the range that suspended
treaty prohibited, including
line hypersonic, as reported
by Russian president Vladimir
Putin in colorful
announcements made
in recent months in which he has
spoken of a rocket that flies
at 27 times the speed of sound.
"It flies like a fireball,"
described the Russian leader.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> The Kremlin has
been circled by a UFO.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> England has been
encircled by a UFO.
Well, that's if you
believe a video which
has soared to the top of
YouTube's Russian website.
The pictures, apparently
shot from a passing car,
has become an online sensation.
Another YouTube clip
filmed during daylight
shows a fuzzy gray object on
the skyline near Red Square.
Skeptics, however, say that
if the images were real,
the public would have
reported sightings
to police, who are
currently making no comment.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> At dawn in Moscow, this
pyramid would be recorded
again.
In the image, you can see
the tetrahedron at a greater
distance, but
extraordinarily clear.
The image, according
to the testimonies,
was obtained in the same
place, in Red Square
in the center of Moscow.
It was presented
by various media
as an event out of the ordinary.
This video was captured shortly
before 8:00 in the morning.
That is to say that the
giant object remained
on Red Square for
almost three hours,
or perhaps a little more,
without any fighter aircraft
having been present, without
any defensive action having
been carried out.
>> We have no evidence that
the Russians tried to intercept
or tried to destroy this
craft, even though it was over
the Kremlin for several hours.
And what that tells us
is that the Russians
knew exactly who this was.
That this was a group
of extraterrestrials
that had very powerful
technologies, much more
powerful than anything
that the Russians had.
And if the Russians
tried to shoot it down,
basically, they
would not succeed
and all they would
eventually do was
basically demonstrate to
the Russian population
that there is a
force out there that
is much more powerful
than the Russian military.
>> Then you think is was on
purpose not to do anything
because it would be
worthless to do it?
>> I think that that was
the decision that was taken
by the Russian military,
by the Kremlin,
not to respond in
any way militarily,
because they knew
they wouldn't succeed,
and to just ignore it and to not
allow any major Russian media
to discuss it.
One of the things that I
found in my investigation
was that there were
a number of people
that took photographs and
video in trying to put this up
on the internet.
And the Russian intelligence
was removing that evidence
and basically silencing
people to make
it look like it was
a non-event or make
it look like it was just a few
people trying to create a hoax.
But in fact, this was a very
real, very serious event.
The Russian government
tried to cover it up.
But nevertheless, we
did have a few people
that were able to upload
this to the internet.
>> The statement of
the Dimitri Kazantse,
the only witness who has
been publicly presented,
was made 10 years after
the event occurred.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> There have been some attempts
to discredit the extraordinary
video recorded over the Kremlin
by Dimitri and his friends.
However, according
to the author,
this is legitimate evidence.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> The second video of the giant
over the Kremlin was recorded
shortly before sunrise, around
8:00 in the morning of that
Wednesday, December 9th, 2009.
In the first seconds of the
image, the dome of a church
is discovered.
This is the Cathedral
of Christ of the Savior,
also located in the
vicinity of the Kremlin.
It is the most important
cathedral in Moscow,
even more important than
the Basilica of St. Basil.
It is the seat of the
orthodox patriarch of Moscow
and of all the Russias.
It is located next
to the Moscow River.
It is considered to be one of
the most beautiful churches
in Russia.
Its style is
so-called neo-Russian,
and it was inspired by
the church of St. Sophia
in Constantinople in Turkey.
Regarding the second video,
Dimitri Kazantse commented--
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> It is hard to understand
how an event of this nature,
which remained up in the
sky for three to four hours,
was not witnessed
by more people,
although the evidence was later
shown by the most important
media in Russia and the case
transcended to a world level.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> The Kremlin police declined
to comment on the extraordinary
event, even though they
witnessed the presence
of the great object over
Russia's most sensitive place,
the Kremlin, the seat of
powers and the congress of all
Russias.
[LOGO MUSIC PLAYING]
>> It would take nine years and
nine days for a similar event
to take place over such a
sensitive and a special place
as the Kremlin, the Pentagon.
On December 19, 2018,
between 3:00 and 4:00
in the morning, an equal object
was presented, a tetrahedron
with the same characteristics,
the same color,
and under the same circumstances
above the Pentagon.
At least four witnesses
would record four videos
of the extraordinary event,
as the investigation continues
in the next issue of "Nuevo."
Gaia presented "Nuevo"
with Jaime Maussan.